I think that's a question that I should ask you where things are more
important you when picking houses my personal thing is when it comes
to me I like my own space I like comfort ally garages because I like
cars I like to build cars and I like suburbs so those things make
me you know happy ideally what you're doing is what you're looking for
houses as a service member you're you're trying to eight a positive
and productive work of positive and productive home life for you
to go back to what you had a stressful day at work so if you have a
long hard day at work you know trying to think of the things that you
want to have around you when you go home so that could be of open
concept single story ranch house with recessed lighting or it could
be a one bedroom studio whatever makes you comfortable that you're willing
to go home and turn the phones off turn the TV is off it just
be happy being home so think about those things were you looking for
housing of course you have to find you know someplace that's within
your budget